docs(readme): Readme refresh with new tagline (#2038)
tambo-ai/tambo: README.md

<div align="center">
  <img src="assets/octo-white-background-rounded.png" width="150">
  <h1>Tambo AI</h1>
  <h3>Build agents that speak your UI</h3>

>   <p>An open-source toolkit for adding agents to your React app. Connect your components—Tambo handles streaming, state management, and MCP.</p>

Author: Yeah honestly I went back and forth on it. How about:

```suggestion
  <p>An open-source generative UI toolkit for React. Connect your components—Tambo handles streaming, state management, and MCP.</p>
```
